this is a guest of producer yana
Rudkovskaya and the first question of course you have
Guests Avenue is for us in the area of ​​rights
the person is very fashionable very stylish and
partly right help
and as for some inner qualities
of course
man when there is art man square
feeding styan
border guards man
verifier with all relevant
it is too
in g gun fighters a check show business
you can just be a good man
but I hate nothing at all this
not all
sometimes in show business you need to somehow reduce to
No, I'm not very good by the rules
i'm behaving by the rules bye
narcopriton
if you go back to the roots of show business
can any person
identified back tina kandelaki
Ksenia Sobchak Sasha Savelyeva
faith in a row
and here are the complications and articles
no either
there are tourists
that is, people who do not
they turn to stylist services
of projects
I am very happy about it
Tell us about your jewelery
what decoration do you prefer?
artist 17 javi iniesta quite often
integration mechanism
turning to his graph
ring which comments can
purchase and all
But you said a wedding ring
how did you approach the choice was it
difficult or lay out dreamed knew it
profitable but
apart from of course i ordered i like
that's because given a familiar rival
seekers to
she first what a few
European brands I think it is
wrong
can claim to be ranked
it seems to me that it is
the future may be this train
summer how are the results of stress
tests and there is a story
there is an exhibition
a great vision of the spices is great for you
for the interview, we are pleased that our first
world government representative